---
title: A Dream
author: ''
date: '2019-07-22'
slug: a-dream
categories: []
tags:
  - life
comments: no
showcomments: yes
showpagemeta: yes
description: "A forbidden dream."
---

I am washing dishes, while listening to music with earbuds. The beats of the music are super clear.

Something seems odd – I feel a slight burning sensation on my hands, and they are floating as if the hot air is rising around them. I pretend nothing happens, and continue washing dishes. I like the song I am listening to – it has a delight beat, it feels really long. It finishes eventually, but the next song I do not like so much. I wipe my index finger dry and choose another song. 

Dishes are done, I walk into my room with my phone, earbuds still in my ears. My feet want to leave the floor – they are tapping! To the music. The rhythm is irrefutable; the melody is so majestic and beautiful I begin to smile, big smile across my face, I cannot relax facial muscles even if I want to. The music, and the tapping of Feet, it is so amusing that my smile never subsides.

The music becomes ever more epic, every note crystal clear and well expected. My arms join the party; they go with the rhythm perfectly, with clockwork precision. I open my arms or close them; I lean forward and back; I wave to the horizon and then hold back as if holding something near my heart. I become a snake, swirling and wiggling around. 

My back is seized by an invisible force. My shoulders are bent forward; my chest feels enclosed. A strong desire occurs to me, to fight the invisible force, to puff up my chest, stretch my shoulders backward. And I revert back, enclose my chest again. Along with the rhythm, I puff up, then curl down, then puff up, then curl down – I am a dancer.

I am a dancer! For my entire life I never feel so strong a self identification – It turns out I am a dancer! How come I never discover it in the past? Of course it is my upbringing. I do not blame my family, I wouldn’t be prominent as a dancer. But now see me rejoice! I have found my true passion and I am living it right now. Thank God there’s no audience; yet, I think, I might not care even if there are.

Look at the precision! I know the music; I know where it comes from, where it goes. My movement follows the instructions of the music precisely. The music repeats, I repeat; the music changes, I change. Now another instrument joins the procession, and behold, I have it represented with a slight change in my movement pattern – A different spirit in my body, which I didn’t know existed, is awakened! I know I do not have the brain power to coordinate all these movement patterns. Spirits in my body emerge from slumber and manifest themselves via movement patterns. 

Then I realize that I am not one. I am many. My dancing parts finally get a chance to express themselves, independently. I move without thinking, because the thinking me is not the dancing me. They are simple minded, they want nothing but to move with the music, and it is irresistible!

The next piece of music is violin. Oh violin! I am on a stage, THE stage; thousands of people cheering for me. I play the violin like nothing in the world matters. In fact, anything else in the world does not exist, but this music, this violin, this stage, this spotlight, and this crowd. I play all the dramatic turns of the music with great passion.

The next piece is piano. Oh piano! My favorite. I am a pianist. I play the piano like it is my life. Soon, right part of the piano is rising, rising so slowly yet unmistakably, such that I have to lift up my right arm to follow it, and the piano becomes a violin also, and my right hand is playing on the string with the bow. But it is still a piano; my left hand has no trouble playing chords. Such that it is both piano and violin that I am playing! Limitless I feel.

How the music evolves! Soon the piano notes form circles around me, around the whole world. The scale of the music rises and drops repeatedly, and slowly the world swirls just like the music, swirls like a lopsided spinning top. The world swirls around me, the ground shakes beneath me, the gravity spins around me, making me dizzy, forcing my head to swirl together with the world, with the ground, with the restless gravity. Nay, it does not make me dizzy, not until I fight back, try not to swirl with my head. My neck becomes the perfect hinge, fragilely supports my swirling head; my head becomes the perfect spinning machine, turning and turning, in perfect circles. Soon my body wants to follow suit; my whole body wants to swirl just like the head. 

I know it has become dangerous. The ground is not really shaking, the gravity stays still. The only thing moving is my head; if I let my body to move in the same fashion, I could hurt myself. I lean forward, hands on bed, supporting the shaking body; I try to stay still. Oh, sweet bed, so welcoming, welcoming me with the warmest embrace. So is this it? Is it already ending? I want to dance more, the body wants to dance more; alas, yet I know it is ending. I sooth my body, like soothing an excited but frustrated child. It is time for a break, for a rest, for a sleep. 

I throw myself into the embrace of the welcoming bed. Music continues; heart continues to pound. Feet still follow the beat; feet stay still. I do not know whether feet tap along, or feet stay still. I do not know whether fingers tap along, or fingers stay still. Then I know. Body is motionless, like a sculpture. Muscles freeze; bones rigid. A magic spell is upon me. One of the legs is airborne, like somebody has pressed the pause button. Yet I do not feel tired; muscles do not complain. 

I say, enough; then the spell is lifted. I am again soft flesh. I curl up, still feeling the music, still feeling the reminiscent of the swirling. An annoying feeling in the stomach: a signal for throw up? No, not this time. I ignore it. The scale of the music rises and drops. I turn it off.

Listening to my own breath. I cover myself with a blanket with clothes on. I fall into a dreamless void. 


